copy-paste from gitlab (#1)
ome/cookiecutter-omero-webapp: README.md

# Cookiecutter to create simple OMERO webapps

[Cookiecutter](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io) allows to create a project from a predefined template, taking care of all the boilerplate code and filling in the relevant information from user's input.

> This repository offers a  for OMERO web app by creating a project skeleton. It is based on the Django example from here: https://github.com/ome/omero-web-apps-examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository offers a template for an OMERO web app by creating a project skeleton.
It is based on the Django example from https://github.com/ome/omero-web-apps-examples
```
